README.md, before:

# Weather Forecast API

This API provides weather forecast information through two endpoints:
- `/forecasts`: Get forecasts for a specific time based on knowledge available at a given moment
- `/tomorrow`: Get boolean indicators for tomorrow's weather conditions

## Setup

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone <your-repo-url>
cd weather-api
```

2. Create and activate a virtual environment:
```bash
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
```

3. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

4. Run the API:
```bash
uvicorn weather_api.api:app --reload
```

The API will be available at `http://localhost:8000`

## API Documentation

### GET /forecasts
Get forecasts for a specific time based on knowledge available at a given moment.

Parameters:
- `now`: ISO datetime string (e.g., "2024-02-14T12:00:00")
- `then`: ISO datetime string (e.g., "2024-02-14T15:00:00")

Example:
```
GET /forecasts?now=2024-02-14T12:00:00&then=2024-02-14T15:00:00
```

### GET /tomorrow
Get weather condition indicators for tomorrow.

Parameters:
- `now`: ISO datetime string (e.g., "2024-02-14T12:00:00")

Example:
```
GET /tomorrow?now=2024-02-14T12:00:00
```

## Running Tests
```bash
pytest tests/
```

## TODOs
- Add input validation for datetime formats
- Implement caching for frequent requests
- Add more comprehensive error handling
- Add more test cases for edge scenarios

Commit message:

Add frontend guid to readme

README.md, after:

# Weather Forecast API

This API provides weather forecast information through two endpoints:
- `/forecasts`: Get forecasts for a specific time based on knowledge available at a given moment
- `/tomorrow`: Get boolean indicators for tomorrow's weather conditions

## Setup

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone <your-repo-url>
cd weather-api
```

2. Create and activate a virtual environment:
```bash
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
```

3. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

4. Run the API:
```bash
uvicorn weather_api.api:app --reload
```

The API will be available at `http://localhost:8000`

## API Documentation

### GET /forecasts
Get forecasts for a specific time based on knowledge available at a given moment.

Parameters:
- `now`: ISO datetime string (e.g., "2024-02-14T12:00:00")
- `then`: ISO datetime string (e.g., "2024-02-14T15:00:00")

Example:
```
GET /forecasts?now=2024-02-14T12:00:00&then=2024-02-14T15:00:00
```

### GET /tomorrow
Get weather condition indicators for tomorrow.

Parameters:
- `now`: ISO datetime string (e.g., "2024-02-14T12:00:00")

Example:
```
GET /tomorrow?now=2024-02-14T12:00:00
```

## Running Tests
```bash
pytest tests/
```

## Guide for Frontend Developers to Use Weather Forecast API

Frontend developers can display weather forecast data to users by making HTTP requests to the API using JavaScript. No Python knowledge is required to work with the API.

---

### Accessing the API Endpoints

The API provides two main endpoints:
- **`/forecasts`**: Retrieves weather forecast data for a specified date.
- **`/tomorrow`**: Provides a prediction for tomorrow’s weather conditions.
## TODOs
- Add input validation for datetime formats
- Implement caching for frequent requests
- Add more comprehensive error handling
- Add more test cases for edge scenarios
